here.
The Bible says that Joseph gathered all the food in Egypt and they could not count the food and so they left numbering and today we're going to go home still counting and how many people God has brought to his house to find salvation, to find healing, to find the Asavia Jesus Christ hallelujah!
I don't know what's wrong with you.
I don't know what the Bible says in Judges chapter three, verse nine, that the people of Israel cried out to God, in torment, and God raised up a deliberate, their off-nail, the son of Kenneth, Caleb's, young brother.
And today I don't know what your prayers to God have been.
I don't know what you are believing God for.
I don't know which part of your life God needs to move in, and God needs to speak to, but God has raised up
here in first love and deliver of God has raised up his prophet and his seventh, our very own Ophneil to speak to every life, every soul, every circumstance, every problem.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, if you sense the Almighty, if you sense the presence of God, give the Lord a shout as we welcome.
Your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture, your posture
What you're trusting God is impossible when you trust him in his words.
In terms of the most specific I say, talking to the voice of God to thee.
Tell them is anything to have.
Is there anything too hard for me?
Then put your trust.
And let's pray again.
Jesus, thank you for saving us.
Thank you for coming to die on the cross for us.
We love you with our lives.
Thank you for saving us in Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may be seated.
John chapter three verse 16.
So loved the world that he gave his only begotten son.
Amen?
Amen.
Are you listening?
Yes.
That who so ever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
Amen.
And verse 17, for God sent not his son into the world
to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved.
Amen.
So today, everybody here is welcome, and my topic is Jesus, the Savior of the world.
Jesus, when I say Jesus, say Savior of the world, Jesus,
I didn't hear, when I said Jesus, then you say Savior of the world.
Jesus, only those outside Jesus, those outside Jesus, beautiful.
Now, John 3 16 says, God so loved the world.
So number one, God is the greatest person ever.
Isn't it?
So John 3 16 tells us that God, the greatest, most girls like to love a great person.
Is it not true?
Sometimes when a brother proposes to marry you, you look at him up and down.
And you tell that you say that this guy cry, he's not great.
Is it not true?
It's like a guy, it's not a great person.
It's an opener who is walking up and down.
So you want a greater person to come and say, I love you.
Sometimes the man will propose to you, say yes.
But when a greater person comes, before you realize, Alikiza and you are moving to another person.
Why?
Because people want a great person to love them.
But this time, the greatest person ever, which is God himself, loves you.
And that is the greatest person that can ever love anyone, is God himself.
So that's what the Bible says in John 3 says, God, God, not a Dr. Ronto.
Oh, God.
So love the world.
Wow.
Number two, God shows the greatest kind of love ever shown to anybody.
There is no greater kind of love.
We have different types of love.
How many have more than one boyfriend before?
How many have more than one girlfriend before?
Listen, this question is shhh.
This question is for those who have had more than one boyfriend or girlfriend.
You are the ones who can know that there are different levels of love.
Sometimes you have had 16 boyfriends.
But there is one particular boy that you remember.
Is it not true?
Why?
Because of the way the person loves.
Amen.
The Bible says that greater love has no man than this.
So the love that God has for you is greater than any love that you have ever experienced.
Any girl who says she loves you, I'm telling you today, this love that God has for you is wider than Julie's love.
For God himself to bring himself forward, Father, he's coming to love you.
It's not just small love.
Tell somebody, I thank God for this wonderful love.
Then God so loved the whole world, which is the greatest number of people that can be loved.
One day I met a boy who said he had 200 girlfriends.
But even the love of God is more than this 200.
Amen.
God doesn't love 200 people.
He loves the whole world.
So I don't know where you are from, but God sent me to tell you that He likes you.
Wow.
And He loves you.
and you'll be surprised that he loves so many people, including you.
God's love doesn't get finished.
Yes.
Some people, after their hearts are broken two, three times, you see that they can't love again.
When you say, I love you, they say I've had.
Is it not true?
There are some people when you say,
I love you though, just say, I've had, because their hearts are broken and they can't love again.
But this love that God has is so powerful and he's not tired of loving disappointments.
If God was to respond to our love like by now, he has stopped loving since
19, whatever, I don't know, he'd have stopped laughing.
Because he loved Israel, and what did they do to him?
They crucified him.
God so loved the world.
How did they reward him?
They crucified him.
But still, God is still loving us in the year 2019.
Today, if you are here, look at my hand.
God is saying to you, He likes you and He loves you.
Amen.
that he gave the greatest gifts ever.
He gave the greatest gift.
So when he loved you, he gave you a gift.
Sometimes when a man loves a girl, he gives her gifts.
Is it not true?
He may give her a ring.
He may buy something for her.
Why do people buy gifts?
Because love is like oil.
You have to put it into something before you give it.
Are you understanding what I'm saying?
You can't just come to somebody and say, take some oil.
Here's oil.
You have to put it in something.
So God put his love
And even that guy who says he loves you, he puts his love into a gift and says, here is some killer Willie, I love you.
Are you excited that God, when did God put his love into?
He put his love into a gift and that gift was Jesus.
his own son, he gave you his son.
Wow, a clap for Jesus.
So this is the greatest thing that could ever happen.
Amen.
The greatest gift ever is Jesus Christ.
Now a person can be a gift.
And today Jesus is the gift.
Jesus the person
When you grow, you realize that a person is a gift.
People are more important than money.
If you get a good person, it's more than being given a mobile phone or something.
If you have a good person.
How many want to marry a nice person?
Raise up your hand.
Wow.
That is a great gift.
If you can get a man who is compatible with you and who is going to love you for the rest of your life.
Hey, is it possible?
That is a great gift.
Yes.
Now, the great gift that God is giving to us today is no other than his only son.
Wow.
Now, those of you who don't have children, you don't understand that this.
When you have a child, you understand what it is like.
You see that when Jesus was praying for people, they say, many people brought their children.
They didn't bring themselves, they brought their children.
There are parents who say, I wish I could give my life to that my child rather would be okay.
Because I live and I would like my child to have it be okay.
Yes.
So for God to have one child,
one son and he gave his only son that is the greatest gift that can be ever be given to anybody.
And you see, when somebody extends his love to you, you must respond.
If you don't respond, you are making a big mistake.
Now, he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believes, which means he has given you and me the greatest
escape in the simplest way to come to heaven.
You see, God could have said that those who are rich would come, but no.
Or those who are white should come.
Or those who are black.
Or those who are airway.
Or those who are funny.
All these you may not qualify.
But when he says that whoever believes, when he says whoever believes,
How many can believe?
Everybody can believe.
Over there, can you believe?
Can you believe?
Under the canopy, I can't see your hand, can you believe?
Outside, can you believe?
Outside the bus, over here, can you believe?
You see, everybody can believe whether you are poor, whether you are rich, whether you came with the car, whether you walk, whether you came with the bus, whether you have money in your pocket, you don't have money in your pocket, everybody can believe.
everybody can believe.
So he has given the easiest way.
God is very wise.
Because there are so many things, those who can go to America before you realize, look how you don't have a visa, but you don't have a passport.
How many don't have a passport?
Raise your hand.
Raise your hand if you don't have a passport.
Like all these people will not go to heaven.
If he said, who so ever has a passport?
Who so ever has a passport?
Or who so ever has a visa?
Wow.
So today God is giving the simplest way.
Or if he says, so that, who so ever is a science student?
Or who so ever is good at maths?
How many are not good at maths?
Raise your hand if you are not good at maths.
I want to see those who are not good at maths.
On this side.
Wow.
How many are not good at reading big books?
If he said, all those who are good at reading, some of us will be out, but today he says,
Belize, clap for Jesus.
This is beautiful.
Wow.
Should not perish, which is now the greatest escape ever.
The greatest escape ever.
You're going to escape from hell.
They're going to escape from hell.
Last week I saw news.
Delta Airways was coming to Ghana and before they could take off the engine caught fire.
So there was a fire in the plane, I tell you.
Fire, you see the fire bank and then they opened the doors of the plane and put this slide where they said, leave your shoes, leave everything and jump and you see people jumping, sliding,
Hey!
They were escaping from fire all Ghanaians who come into Ghana from America.
They escape the fire.
If the plane had gone up and the fire came, that would have been it.
If you remember the Concorde aeroplane.
Concorde.
Do you remember there was a plane called Concorde?
It was very fast.
They are bringing a new one soon.
And the Concorde can fly, let's say from here to Ghana
In England, it would be about just two hours.
Like if you live at 10 o'clock by midnight, you are there.
Now, it was taken off from Paris.
And suddenly, there was a fire on the engine.
But the pilot was going already.
He couldn't, when it reaches certain points, you can't stop.
So he had to go.
And when it went.
They came down.
Everybody died.
They did not escape.
The Delta people escaped.
Concorde didn't escape.
But you were not there.
So when you read it, you say, so it doesn't consent me.
But I'm telling you, there is a fire which consents all of us all.
Ha!
That fire is more than in someone prison.
One day I went to preach that in someone prison.
I tell you, pray that you'll never go there.
You'll never go there in the name of God.
Anybody who is an Andraba, today marks the end of that career.
The next time you go on operation, you will die.
You will die on your next operation.
So today,
after church come and surrender.
That will be the end.
But the next operation, you will not go back home.
You will be killed and your friend will escape.
You will die, but your friend will escape.
Tonight, today,
God is offering you an escape from a fire which never goes out.
Let me tell you, as I'm coming to the end of my message, about four weeks ago, I was invited to Nicaragua.
Have you heard of Nicaragua?
Give me that.
Now, when I went there, by the grace of God, I went to visit the president.
When I finish, I ask them that, what do you have in this country that I can see?
I want to see something I've not seen before.
And they told us we don't have anything, but we have one thing.
How many want to know the one thing that they have in the country?
Are you sure you want to know?
When you go to Nicaragua, make sure you go and see that thing.
Do you know what it is?
It is a volcano with fire burning in it.
Yes.
A volcano is a big mountain, like, no, not a fighter to Lake Busum tree, but it's a mountain, it was a mountain.
So they told me that there is a fire, the fire has been there for thousands of years, it has never gone out.
I said, really?
They said, yes.
But if you want to see the fire, you have to go in the night.
So from the president, we went to,
have dinner.
And at the dinner, they delayed the dinner.
So that by the time we finished the dinner, it was around 10, 30, 11.
Then they said they are taking us to the mountain.
So they drove us to the top of the mountain.
We reached around 12.
Then when you reach there, there's a place to park.
Then we climbed up.
And when we climbed up, and we looked down, come and see fire.
Red, red, boiling fire.
You know, I thought that the fire would be so like, it's melted, rubbed out to be like, no, it was like, it was splashing.
Fire, red.
The color is not like this red.
Another red.
Slightly, I don't know, this red is not like that red.
No, slightly different.
A bit orange.
Have you seen a gas fire?
Yeah, and you see the lake was boiling.
Hey, is this a lake of fire?
So not knowing that when the Bible says there's a lake of fire, even on Earth there are lakes of fire.
And the reason they took us in the night is because in the night you see the red, you see the fire.
When I was standing, I was afraid.
I said, Lord, don't let anybody push me.
And you know what, they told us that some people have climbed down before.
Yes, to go and see, they wanted to go near her.
But when I was there, I said, Lord, help me not to go near.
Because there was a feeling in here in my heart.
Now, there is a lake of fire with many people, burning, there are many canyons, Nigerians, Americans,
French people, Germans, South Africans, Zimbabwe, plenty all in the lake of fire.
Even important people are there.
Or how do you know important people are there?
Because the Bible tells us that at least one rich man, the rich man, he went into the fire.
And if there's one rich man, we know that the bomb is more.
Because the rich man said, I have five brothers and I know they will come here.
So there must be at least six rich men there.
But if a rich man than his brothers must also be rich.
Now God so loved the world.
Look, listen though.
God so loved the world that he gave his best gift.
Jesus.
This was his presence to us.
That if you believe in him, you don't have to do anything.
But to believe in him.
You will not perish in that lake of fire.
Today, my friend, this is the best gift.
And you see, you know why I am preaching.
You know that I went to medical school from 1982 to 1989.
You know that seven years, this university of Ghana, I was, this is my school here.
Seven, good years, not three.
Most people, their cost is three years.
My cost was seven years.
But when I found Jesus, I felt that it is far better to spend my time telling people about Jesus Christ.
We are the church that comes a time when we have to rise up and preach the word of God.
That's how come I became a preacher.
It's not because I don't have a job.
Maybe some people are preaching because they don't have a job by the grace of God.
If I go right now,
I can get work at almost any hospital.
How many will employ me in your hospital to work in your hospital?
I'm an experienced doctor.
31 years, 30 years experienced.
1989 to 2019.
But after God saved me, sorry,
Is she okay?
All right.
After God saved me, I decided to preach and to teach.
I don't want to go to the fire.
How many today don't want to go to the fire?
How many don't mind going to visit the fire?
Once you go, you cannot come out, messy.
And now he has given us the greatest opportunity.
Now, what is so special about Jesus?
What is special about Jesus is his blood.
The blood of Jesus is different from every other blood.
One day, I was in the hospital, I was the doctor on duty.
Yeah, in the emergency room, only me.
Then the door opened and they came with a young man.
The man was vomited.
When he vomits, he vomits like this.
And you know what happens when he vomits?
Blood comes out.
Red blood.
That night I had to go to the blood bank.
and get blood for this man.
When you go to the blood bank, they say, this blood cannot work.
This blood cannot work.
This one can work.
So not every blood can work.
Yes.
Yeah.
If they make a mistake and give you the wrong blood, that can be the end of it.
The reaction that will happen to you about the blood will kill you.
So, blood, our bloods are different.
Every blood is different.
And apart from that, you may have the right blood, but the blood can expire.
Have you seen blood smells?
Yes.
So sometimes, when people are bleeding, sometimes when the person comes, you can smell the pesto.
I can smell blood.
Because it gets rotten.
If ever you want infections, it is where there is blood.
Yes, whenever there is blood, it's full of things.
Yeah.
So blood expires.
Now, when only blood can wash your sins.
Almost cannot wash your sins.
Kiss-up cannot wash your sins.
That dog cannot wash your sins.
So many things cannot wash your sins.
You got what I'm saying?
Only blood, the Bible says in Levitical 17 verse 11, I have given blood for attunement, for washing away of sins.
Now, when God wanted to wash the sins of the whole world, the whole world, he could
the blood of a goat or the blood of a cow, but he had to take a blood that was so powerful that it could wash millions and millions of people and the blood would never expire.
Supposing the blood has expired in 1972.
When were you born?
91.
1999.
Supposing the blood expired in 1972.
Supposing the blood expired in 1983.
What would you do?
It means it has lost its power.
But this blood, the blood of the Son of God, it will never lose its power.
It's always powerful.
Amen.
And today, Jesus is the Lamb.
When John the Baptist saw Jesus, he shouted, look at the Lamb of God.
Why did they call him a Lamb?
Why didn't they call him a mosquito?
Why didn't they call him a goat?
Because he was a lamb, you cut the lamb and the blood of the lamb.
It's used.
So when John saw him, he didn't see a human being.
He said, look at a lump.
Look at a sacrifice, which has been made for the whole world.
So today, a great gift has been given to you.
And to me, that is why I am saved.
Today, not because of any good thing I have ever done, but because of a sacrifice, a blood.
Listen to me, your sin is not easy to remove it.
When you have done something, you've done it.
Is it not true?
I've only done something before and you did it.
Once you do it, you've done it.
How can you undo it?
You've done it.
Isn't it not true?
Once you've done it, you've done it.
So it takes something powerful to clear the thing.
It's not easy for it to go.
The blood of Jesus, some years ago, my father, he had a lot of white shit and one day my mother showed me
a stain on his shed, and she said, you see this shed.
Your father likes drinking coconut water, and it always goes on the shed.
And he said, the coconut water, it stains, and you can't wash it with soap.
I didn't know, did you know?
Yes.
It doesn't go.
Try it and see, you can take your nice white shed and put some coconut on it and see.
You'll be surprised.
That is how your sin is.
It can't easily go.
But today, the gift of God has come to wash away all your sins and wipe every sin away.
And your name will be written in blood.
Your name will be written like my name is written with the blood of you.
One day I saw a film of Sagamu saying he was taking his blood from blood transfusion and using his blood with a fountain pen to write the Quran.
He was using his blood to write the Quran.
Today, your name will be written in heaven with the blood of Jesus Christ, the Savior of the world.
Stand to your feet, everybody.
How many of us here want the blood of Jesus to wash all your coconut stains away and your sins away?
If you want the blood of Jesus to wash away or anyone to be born again today, lift your two hands like this, everybody, and say this prayer with me.
Say, Lord Jesus, thank you for today.
Please wash away my sins with the blood of Jesus.
Oh God, I am sorry for my sins.
Have mercy on me.
Today, I humble myself under your mighty hand.
Forgive me for all the sins I have committed.
Have mercy on me.
Wash away my sins.
with the blood of Jesus.
Today, I receive Jesus, my gift, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus into my heart as my Savior and my Lord.
Thank you, Jesus, for dying for me.
Thank you, Jesus,
for what you have done for me.
Today, I received the Son of God as my Lord and my Master and my Savior.
Thank you, Jesus, for dying for me.
Please write my name.
My name is, mention your name right now.
My name is whatever.
Please write this name in the book of life.
From today, I dedicate my life to Jesus Christ.
I dedicate my soul to Jesus Christ.
Thank you, Lord, for saving me.
Now lift only one finger like this and say, Satan, listen carefully.
from today.
Me and you is finished.
I belong to God.
I will serve God.
Satan.
I bind you in the name of Jesus.
Go out of my life.
In the name of Jesus.
I belong to Jesus Christ.
I'm a child of God.
not lift your two hands everywhere and say, Jesus, thank you for coming into my life.
Jesus, thank you for coming to this world to save my life.
From today, I surrender all to Jesus.
From today, I give my life, my soul, my everything.
to Jesus Christ.
Thank you, Father, for saving me in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Now, how many of you here want to serve God with all your heart?
The Bible says, seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added.
If you are going to seek God and serve God as number one from today, put your hand on your heart and pray,
and special prayer promise God that today marks the beginning of you saving him with all your heart.
I'm going to seek God and I'm going to save him right now.
Just pray, everybody pray this prayer, seek him fast, the kingdom of God.
And let's make a promise to God today.
I'm going to seek fast, the kingdom of God and his righteousness.
And all things shall be added unto me.
Father, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you for your power.
Thank you, Lord.
Come and I'm a cupadah, Savalakada.
I will everybody pray for a moment.
I'm going to be a servant of the Moshega from today.
In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus,
We give you praise, Father.
We thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
I'm gonna lift your hand like this, just one hand.
Say after me, Jesus, from today, I will seek you.
You are the number one in my life.
I love you.
I will seek you.
I will save you for the rest of my life.
So help me God.
Put your hand on your heart.
Say, Jesus, you are my number one.
I will seek you first.
I will save you.
First, I'll follow you.
First, you are my number one.
Thank you for saving me today.
Lord Jesus, help me to be a strong Christian in the name of Jesus.
I pray, amen.
Give the Lord a mighty clap offering.
Now, I believe, how many of you
have decided to follow Jesus from today.
Let's sing this song, I have decided to follow Jesus.
Stop, stop.
I told you never to turn up the microphone.
I told you never turn up the microphone.
You are removed from that instantly.
Never come back to that position.
Let's go, I've decided.
I have decided.
to follow Jesus.
I have decided to follow Jesus.
No turning back.
Yes.
I have decided
To follow Jesus I have decided to follow Jesus Oh I have decided to follow Jesus No turning back No turning back The cross, the world's behind me
The cross before, the cross before me.
The cross before me.
The cross behind me.
No turning high.
Father, thank you for everyone who has decided to follow Jesus.
We love you and we give you thanks in Jesus name, amen.
How many are giving your life to Jesus today for the first, how many are giving your life to Jesus today for the first time?
Wave your hand at me.
Wave you, beautiful, wave your hand, because there's no space out of us to come forward and pray with you.
When we close, all those who are giving your life to Jesus for the first time, Joshua, which way?
No way.
Another cannot be outside.
We want to give you a special book.
So if you want this special book, please come to that cannot be after we close.
God bless you, you may be seated.
All right, we are going to have quick communion for just a few people as many as can receive communion.
How many would like to have communion and be blessed today?
Everybody will be able to get, although we have enough for everybody, 25,000, but because of time, as many as can reach the bread, take your portion, and we are going to pray.
Take each this is my body, which is broken.
All right, let us stand.
Hold your breath up if you have it.
If you don't have it, just hold up your hand.
Father, we thank you as we come before your table.
Let healing spread out miracles, breakouts, and your power into every life here today.
Thank you for many that are saved today on this beautiful Sunday.
Thank you for healing.
Thank you for deliverance.
Thank you for long life.
Thank you for your great help.
We receive the body of Jesus Christ.
the body of Jesus Christ.
Now take the wine, Father,
Thank you for the blood of Jesus that was shed for us on Calvary.
Let everyone who receives of this blood, even those who are not able to have it, let us be cleansed from our mistakes, our errors, and our sins by the blood of Jesus.
When I see the blood, I will pass over.
Let every evil that is determined for us,
Passover, the blood of Jesus.
Lift your hands for your blessing.
Father, let a blessing fall upon everyone here who has bothered to come here today.
Let us become one big family.
Let nothing be able to divide us.
Keep us in your love.
Keep us in your blessing.
And keep us in your healing.
In the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we ask for a divine covering over all the multitudes that are here today.
Save and keep us.
by your mighty hand.
Can't said be whatever threatens your servants and those that love you.
And blessed be those that love your work and your will.
Thank you for this blessing on this great multitude in the name of Jesus.
And everyone said amen.
Amen.
God bless you, you may be seated.
Finally, we are going to receive our offering, and then there is no space for dancing stars.
Can you not see the stage?
There's no space for anything.
How many believe that we are heading for Independence Square?
What a blessing.
Everybody, take out your tights.
and your offerings.
I believe the aisles are still free.
So those who are going to give your tithes, you can come up to the front with a basket right in front here.
Let us pray.
Father, we thank you as we present our tithes and offerings today in Jesus' name.
Amen.
If you have your tithes, come to the front through the aisle very quickly and just put it in the basket and
We are going to be ending in a few minutes.
Just come and put your tights in the basket in the front here.
be blessed financially.
Now, you know what?
People don't believe in blessings of the Lord.
But if you really believe you do things that bring blessings, amen?
You do things that bring blessings.
Blessings determine what happens.
As we are here, it's a blessing.
It's a blessing to be here.
It's a blessing to be in the church.
and see the church grow.
It's a blessing to start something and it's working.
Those are blessings.
God's hand that not a human hand can do, but what God's hand can do.
So that's the blessing that we have here.
So as you give an offering, you are invoking a blessing.
Give it shall be given to you.
If you don't believe you don't give, because it doesn't
change anything if you don't give.
You need God, God doesn't need you.
Amen.
So everybody take out your offering and the ashes are going to come round.
So the tithes people just put your basket right in front here.
All the tithing come and put it here.
Everybody take out, you mustn't come to church and not receive your financial harvest as well.
So lift up your offering and let's pray.
This is a great blessing.
Jesus, God gave you the best gift.
Now you are going to give God something small.
Don't say you are the poorest man in the world.
Are you the poorest man in the world?
No.
God forbid.
Now lift up your offering and let us pray as the father.
We thank you as we present our great blessed offering to you.
Bless everyone who gives.
and multiply every season today.
We thank you in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Let us welcome either Jesus Savior of the world.
Ashes, please receive the offering.
This is the day of good news.
Oh yeah, this is the time to preach about Jesus Christ.
This generation of Christian.
It's responsible for this generation of souls Lost people matter to God So they must matter to you The command has been to grow But most of us have stayed at home
Jesus, save her up the world.
All you gotta do, tell the world, tell the world, tell the world, tell the world that Jesus saves.
Tell the world, tell the world, tell the world, tell the world that Jesus saves.
And they'll show me what the sun
For He shall seek His people from their sins.
Jesus Christ, Savior of the world.
No one has the right to hear the gospel's wise.
While there are people who have not heard it even once,
The spirit of Christ is the spirit of mission.
The nearer we get to Jesus, the more missionary we become.
Sympathy is no substitute for action.
If Jesus tries God for me, then no sacrifice can be too great.
for me to make for my dear Savior.
Oh, Jesus, take her up the world.
All you gotta do is tell the world, tell the world, tell the world that Jesus saves.
Tell the world, tell the world.
Tell the world that Jesus saves And thou shalt bring forth our son And thou shalt call his name Jesus For he shall save his people from this sin Jesus Christ Savior of the world
the second coming of Christ.
Oh, well, there are people who have not heard of the first coming.
Why are we keeping silence about the good news?
If you found a cure for cancer, wouldn't it be inconceivable?
Hide it from the rest of the world.
How much more inconceivable to keep silent about Jesus Christ.
Oh, Jesus, save the world.
Oh, let's talk about Jesus.
Jesus!
Amen.
How many of you have had a great time as swollen Sunday?
Hallelujah.
Please let's observe the following announcements.
If today is your first time,
in the first love church.
If today's your first time worshiping with us, can you please wave?
So we welcome you today's your first time in the first love church.
Oh, there are so many people.
Why don't you go to somebody where for the first time?
Welcome the person.
There's no greater love that we could ever know.
Blessed Jesus, you are my first love.
There is no other love.
that can compare.
Blessed Jesus, it is your holy love.
It is your perfect love that draws us to you.
Now there's no other love that we desire.
There's no greater love that we could ever know.
Bless her, Jesus, you are my first love.
There is no other love that can come.
Amen.
If today's your first time worshiping with us, we are so blessed to have you join us in this powerful service, right outside the service.
Don't be in a hurry to leave.
Please move to the Kano piece outside.
We have a gift from our prophets for you, and I believe it's going to be a blessing.
Wedding bells, wedding bells, wedding bells Sylvester Amponsa Evasenta Lida It's getting married to Sonia and your namtaba Please put your hands together for them as they come up Please encourage them as they are coming
On the 12th of October 2019, the venue first love wedding chapel time one p.m. their colors are all bright and beautiful.
If you have any just cause why they should not be married, please say so now or forever hold your peace.
They are going to give us their practice kiss.
That's very close.
to each other with the holiness.
It's a practice.
Practice.
Put your hands together for them.
Hallelujah.
Are you grateful to God for a great harvest?
I can confirm that there are over 23,000 people in a chance today
And we want to give all glory, all praise, and all honor to God.
I thought you'd be more excited.
Come on Questlove, stand your feet, lift your hands, let's sing.
Do you know that one of Satan's biggest problems on this earth is fast-loved jets?
Hallelujah.
And although we've postponed our honor of profit, we want to say profit.
Thank you so much for leading us.
Thank you for guiding us.
Thank you for showing us.
Thank you for helping us to concentrate on 10-in-minute righteousness.
And I also want to say, on behalf of the church that we honor you and we love you.
And keep leading us to new things which we don't know about and which we've not seen before.
How many of you are ready to follow?
Hallelujah.
And we honor you today, Prophet.
God bless you.
On behalf of Prophet, I also want to say thank you to the church.
Thank you to all that, by Centa leaders, by Centa ministers, pastors, center directors.
First love chair has the best pastors, the best leaders, the most beautiful girls, the most handsome boys, the most faithful Christians.
You are a blessing.
God bless you.
Hallelujah.
And we're now invited, MJ, to lead us to share the grace.
And our grace is still valid because we haven't yet crossed 25,000.
and tell your neighbor it's because of you, it's because of you.
And listen, listen, next week, next week, those of you who have visited us, this is church every week, and next week we are going to be right back here to see what God has done, to celebrate what God has done for us.
So everybody listening to me, next week we are back here and
God is going to bless us and speak to us and change us.
This is the church where lives are changed and destinies are transformed.
And if you don't believe it, come and see.
And God will show you.
Everybody say, come and see.
And so next week, we are right here 10 AM.
Make sure you're here.
Your life will never be the same again.
MJ, the grace.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God,
that communion fellowship, contribution, participation of their Holy Spirit, that 25,000 children, which includes all the important people for my life, and the fast love of the spirit of power, love, and the sound mind be with us now and forevermore.
Amen.